[door creaks]
c0000001
- Kaede, it's about time
to get up.
c0000002
Breakfast is almost ready.
c0000003
- [groaning]
c0000004
[gasps]
Who are you?
c0000005
- Huh?
- [gasps]
c0000006
Hold on.
What is this place?
c0000007
And I--huh?
c0000008
What is all of this?
c0000009
- Kaede?
c0000010
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000011
[The Peggies' "Kimi no sei"]
c0000012
♪ ♪
c0000013
c0000014
♪ ♪
c0000015
- The symptoms Kaede has
are likely due to a type
c0000016
of dissociative disorder.
c0000017
- Could you explain
what that is?
c0000018
- It's an illness where one
loses their sense of self
c0000019
and their previously-held
consciousness.
c0000020
Some patients--
as is the case with Kaede--
c0000021
experience other symptoms
as well.
c0000022
This can include the omission
of or loss of memories.
c0000023
Right now your child
is unaware of who you are.
c0000024
She has no memories
of any of you.
c0000025
- [grunts]
Why would such a--
c0000026
- It is believed that extreme
stress or psychological trauma
c0000027
can cause this to happen.
c0000028
- Kaede developed
her puberty syndrome
c0000029
initially because people
were saying terrible things
c0000030
about her on social media,
right?
c0000031
- That's right.
c0000032
- It was traumatizing for her.
c0000033
- She went through
so much suffering.
c0000034
So much that she decided
to sever part of her memory.
c0000035
It was the only way left
she felt she could escape.
c0000036
To protect herself before
she completely broke.
c0000037
- So that's what happened.
c0000038
- When Kaede lost her memory,
c0000039
I didn't know how
to interact with her.
c0000040
I was lost at first.
c0000041
Kaede.
c0000042
I brought a book.
c0000043
The new volume to that series
you were excited for.
c0000044
Here.
c0000045
- Th--thank you very much
for this.
c0000046
So, uh...
c0000047
Kaede was a fan
of this book series?
c0000048
- [gasps]
c0000049
She talks differently.
c0000050
She holds chopsticks with
the other hand.
c0000051
She eats each dish in
a different order than before.
c0000052
She buttons her pajamas
from the top.
c0000053
She walks differently.
c0000054
She's different from Kaede.
c0000055
Different. Different.
c0000056
Everything about her
is different.
c0000057
I'm home.
- [gasps]
c0000058
Welcome home.
- Kaede.
c0000059
[gasps]
c0000060
You here, Mom? It's Kaede.
c0000061
She has bruises all over
her body again.
c0000062
- Oh, I see.
c0000063
No need to worry, Kaede.
c0000064
- [gasps]
- It'll all turn out okay.
c0000065
- Our mom wasn't able
to accept what had happened
c0000066
to Kaede and became
mentally ill herself.
c0000067
And as for me...
c0000068
[groaning]
[squelching]
c0000069
[groans]
c0000070
[gasping]
c0000071
I was taken to the hospital.
c0000072
But nobody believed what I had
to say at all.
c0000073
I tried to explain but they
assumed it was mental,
c0000074
that I convinced myself,
c0000075
and that my wounds
were self-inflicted.
c0000076
They couldn't do anything.
c0000077
They couldn't do anything
for Kaede.
c0000078
One day I just got sick
of it all
c0000079
and decided to sneak out
of the hospital.
c0000080
That's when I met her.
c0000081
- Hey, did you know?
c0000082
If you measured the distance
to the horizon seen
c0000083
at human eye level,
it'd be roughly four kilometers?
c0000084
- Shoko-san stood quietly
and listened to my story,
c0000085
and she believed every bit.
c0000086
So from then on,
c0000087
I would sneak out
of the hospital regularly.
c0000088
Go to Shichirigahama Beach,
and Shoko-san would be there.
c0000089
- Were you thinking about your
little sister again as usual?
c0000090
- I was actually thinking
about you, Shoko-san.
c0000091
- So you were having
lewd thoughts.
c0000092
- That's not it.
c0000093
I was wondering why you
believed everything I had
c0000094
to say so easily.
- Hmm?
c0000095
- With Kaede's wounds
or my scar,
c0000096
and even about puberty syndrome.
c0000097
I've brought them all up
c0000098
but no one else
took me seriously.
c0000099
Not one person even tried
to believe what I saw
c0000100
with my own two eyes.
c0000101
- I'm sure that there are
as many worlds to see
c0000102
as there are people in them,
I think.
c0000103
Just like how we're both
looking out at the same horizon.
c0000104
But the one you can see is
much further than the one I can.
c0000105
- [gasps]
c0000106
- Same for this ocean breeze.
c0000107
Some people will say
it feels refreshing
c0000108
while others say they dislike it
because it makes their skin
c0000109
and hair feel sticky.
c0000110
I believe it was some sort
c0000111
of fate that brought
us together.
c0000112
And so as your elder,
c0000113
I'm going to give you
a wonderful life tip.
c0000114
- Do people normally say
their own tips are wonderful?
c0000115
- In the beginning I
was like you.
c0000116
I didn't have a big dream
or high hopes for my future.
c0000117
Even still, I was able
to find real meaning in the life
c0000118
that was handed to me.
c0000119
Here's what I think, Sakuta.
c0000120
Life's purpose is to help
us learn to become kinder.
c0000121
- Be kinder?
What do you mean?
c0000122
- The way that I live my life
is hoping that each day
c0000123
that goes by I can say I'm
a slightly kinder person today
c0000124
than I was yesterday.
c0000125
- [shudders]
c0000126
[quietly crying]
c0000127
Can I ask something, Shoko-san?
c0000128
- What is it?
c0000129
- Would it be okay if I try
to live my life like you do?
c0000130
- Oh, yeah.
Of course it would be.
c0000131
Now that you've experienced pain
c0000132
that other people
can't understand,
c0000133
I'm sure you can become kinder
than anyone.
c0000134
I'm certain you could help
give someone else
c0000135
the strength they need.
c0000136
- [whimpers]
c0000137
Those were completely
new values to me.
c0000138
I was released from
the hospital
c0000139
and I bought a single notebook
and a pen before going home.
c0000140
- What's this?
c0000141
- Do you remember what
the doctor said?
c0000142
Yesterday, about writing down
what you thought
c0000143
or what happened that day.
c0000144
All that matters is that you do
it in your own words.
c0000145
- Yeah.
c0000146
- Start by just writing
your name.
c0000147
- Um, all right.
c0000148
- Uh, hold on.
c0000149
- Yes?
c0000150
- About writing your name.
c0000151
- Don't worry about that.
I already know the kanji.
c0000152
It's Kaede spelled using flower
followed with maple like
c0000153
the tree, right?
c0000154
- Let's go with Kaede
in all hiragana.
c0000155
- Hiragana?
c0000156
- The person in front of me
is the current Kaede.
c0000157
- [gasps]
c0000158
- I'm sorry.
I see now.
c0000159
- [crying]
c0000160
Y--you're the only one,
big brother!
c0000161
The only one who
understands Kaede!
c0000162
[crying]
c0000163
- You take good care of Kaede.
c0000164
- You, too, Dad.
Take care of Mom.
c0000165
- I will.
c0000166
Kaede?
- [gasps]
c0000167
- You can take your time, okay?
c0000168
You don't have to push yourself
so hard.
c0000169
Your mom and I will be there
waiting for you.
c0000170
- The way other people look
at Kaede scares her.
c0000171
- Hmm?
c0000172
- Everyone is looking
at the Kaede they know.
c0000173
- Just like everyone else...
c0000174
I wanted her memories
to return, too.
c0000175
I wanted that Kaede back.
c0000176
But if that were to happen,
c0000177
what would become
of the current one?
c0000178
That's it.
That's the entire story.
c0000179
I'm sorry I hadn't told you
till now.
c0000180
- It's okay.
c0000181
It was all for her, right?
c0000182
- Yeah, it really was.
c0000183
I mean, after watching Kaede
slowly become friends
c0000184
with all of you,
it was really hard to bring up.
c0000185
It felt best
to just leave it be.
c0000186
- I understand.
I'm not exactly angry.
c0000187
But--
- Oh?
c0000188
- [inhales sharply]
I do wish you
c0000189
had told us earlier.
c0000190
- You're totally angry about it.
c0000191
Good morning, Kaede.
c0000192
- G--good morning to you, too,
big brother!
c0000193
Kaede might not make
it much longer.
c0000194
Her whole body is in pain.
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
c0000195
- You played pretty
hard yesterday.
c0000196
Of course your muscles are sore.
- [groans]
c0000197
- You don't have a fever.
c0000198
[gasps]
c0000199
- [shallow breathing]
c0000200
- A film shoot in Kanazawa.
c0000201
I guess I won't see you
for a while again.
c0000202
- The next two days we're at
a studio in Tokyo.
c0000203
So I'll be able to come home.
c0000204
Call me if anything happens.
c0000205
- I'll call you even
if nothing happens.
c0000206
- I meant something with Kaede.
c0000207
[door closes]
c0000208
- I'm home.
c0000209
Hmm.
c0000210
[door creaks]
- Hey, Kaede. I'm ho--
c0000211
- [wailing]
c0000212
- What is going on?
c0000213
- Ow.
c0000214
- You should be resting in bed.
c0000215
- After making it out
to the beach yesterday,
c0000216
Kaede doesn't want her momentum
c0000217
to be ruined
by dumb muscle cramps.
c0000218
She wants to keep it up
and go out again today.
c0000219
- For real?
- For real!
c0000220
- For your school uniform debut?
c0000221
- School uniform debut!
c0000222
- I bought you some pudding.
c0000223
- Yay!
[groaning]
c0000224
P--please don't change
the subject like that.
c0000225
- It's all right.
Don't panic.
c0000226
The outside world
isn't going anywhere.
c0000227
- Is Kaede really all right,
though?
c0000228
- Very all right.
- But there was that girl
c0000229
at the beach yesterday
that Kaede didn't know.
c0000230
She's someone the other
Kaede knows, right?
c0000231
- If you wanted, I could tell
you everything I know about her.
c0000232
- Kaede has a hard time dealing
with people who know
c0000233
the other Kaede.
c0000234
But even though it's hard...
c0000235
Not knowing is scary.
c0000236
- Her name is Kotomi Kano
c0000237
and we've known her since
before kindergarten.
c0000238
She lived a floor above ours in
the same apartment complex.
c0000239
She used to play together
with Kaede all the time
c0000240
when they were little.
c0000241
She said she was at the beach
yesterday thinking about
c0000242
re-reading this book.
c0000243
Apparently she borrowed it
from Kaede.
c0000244
- Hmm?
c0000245
What's this?
c0000246
Is it okay to look at it?
- Of course.
c0000247
- [exhales]
c0000248
[whimpers]
c0000249
Oh, Komi.
c0000250
- Kaede, you--
[gasps]
c0000251
Kaede! Kaede!
c0000252
- To be honest with you,
c0000253
until Kaede
is fully conscious again,
c0000254
I can't say anything
for sure.
c0000255
However, it's possible when she
wakes up that there could be
c0000256
some kind of change
to her memories or psyche.
c0000257
- Well, what kind of changes?
c0000258
- [breathing deeply]
c0000259
- Well, I wouldn't say Kaede
c0000260
is quite the princess type,
either.
c0000261
- [groans]
- [gasps]
c0000262
Kaede?
c0000263
- [groans]
Big brother?
c0000264
[grunts]
This is...
c0000265
- You collapsed and were brought
here by ambulance.
c0000266
- [gasps]
Big brother,
c0000267
did you put these clothes
on Kaede?
c0000268
- No, don't worry.
It wasn't me.
c0000269
That was done by the nurse
and Mai with a little help
c0000270
from Toyohama, too.
c0000271
- It would have been fine
if you had to do it, though.
c0000272
- You are Kaede, right?
c0000273
- Of course Kaede is Kaede.
c0000274
- Kaede regained consciousness.
c0000275
Her test results
came back normal, too,
c0000276
so it looks like she might
be released today.
c0000277
- That's great to hear.
c0000278
- But the collapsing thing migt
be a sign that Kaede's memories
c0000279
are beginning to come back.
c0000280
And if she does regain
her previous memories,
c0000281
there's a real possibility that
all of her current ones will ed
c0000282
up being erased.
- No way.
c0000283
- Earlier, was our dad here?
- Yeah.
c0000284
And he was really worried
about you.
c0000285
- [whimpers]
c0000286
Hey, Kaede.
- Hmm?
c0000287
- What do you wanna do most
right now?
c0000288
- I want to eat some pudding.
c0000289
- Something to celebrate
your release.
c0000290
So you can pick something bigger
than that.
c0000291
- Eating a humungulous pudding,
then!
c0000292
- Well, yeah,
we can go get pudding,
c0000293
but I meant more going
to see the pandas
c0000294
or something like that.
c0000295
- That's second on the list.
- What's first, then?
c0000296
- That would be going
to school again.
c0000297
- [gasps]
c0000298
Kaede told me that she wants
to go to school.
c0000299
- Really?
c0000300
- And I wanna make sure
that wish comes true.
c0000301
- Understood. Then tomorrow
I'll call her school
c0000302
and explain the situation.
c0000303
Sakuta.
- Hmm?
c0000304
- Are you eating properly?
c0000305
- I am.
- That's good.
c0000306
- Hmm?
c0000307
- And you know, it can be after
everything settles down, but--
c0000308
- But what?
c0000309
- I'd like you to introduce me
to that girlfriend you've
c0000310
been seeing for a while.
c0000311
- Oh, yeah.
c0000312
When it's a bit easier.
c0000313
The film shoot in Kanazawa
is supposed
c0000314
to go for two weeks, right?
- Mm-hmm.
c0000315
I'm sure you'll be lonely
not getting to see me.
c0000316
But I'll make sure to call you
every night.
c0000317
- Then every night I'll
be waiting right
c0000318
in front of the phone.
c0000319
- How about studying instead
or something?
c0000320
- So Sakuta, are you not scared?
- Huh?
c0000321
- Like when you think about
the stuff with Kaede.
c0000322
- Of course it's all terrifying
to me.
c0000323
I might wet my pants.
c0000324
- I'm asking you for real.
c0000325
- I'm scared but there
are things a big brother
c0000326
should never show
to his little sister.
c0000327
Pee and poop.
c0000328
And weakness.
c0000329
- [gasps]
- Because I'm the big brother.
c0000330
If there's something I
can do about it,
c0000331
I wanna do it.
c0000332
- [groans]
c0000333
- But there's nothing I
can do about this.
c0000334
- Sorry.
c0000335
Oh, geez, I'm such an idiot!
- [gasps]
c0000336
- Big sis didn't say anything
about it 'cause there
c0000337
was nothing we could do.
c0000338
I'm seriously sorry.
c0000339
[doorbell chimes]
c0000340
- Hi, I'm the school counselor,
Tomobe.
c0000341
To start, it can be as simple
as walking along the route
c0000342
to school for just a little bit.
c0000343
Once there, it's okay to go
to the nurse's office
c0000344
instead of to class.
c0000345
- W--would the nurse's
office count
c0000346
as going to school, though?
c0000347
- Yes, it absolutely would.
c0000348
- But that's still different
from everyone else, isn't it?
c0000349
- Yes, perhaps.
c0000350
But even if they all seem
the same,
c0000351
everyone has something
that makes them different.
c0000352
For instance,
some kids are taller,
c0000353
and some kids are shorter.
c0000354
Some kids are good at running
c0000355
and some aren't very athletic
at all.
c0000356
Each individual person
has their own pace.
c0000357
That's why whatever result comes
from you putting
c0000358
in your best effort definitely
counts as you going to school.
c0000359
- Th--then even if it's just
to the nurse's office,
c0000360
I can circle it?
- Circle?
c0000361
- Uh, oh this.
c0000362
- [giggles]
I think you should.
c0000363
- I--if that's the case then
Kaede would most definitely like
c0000364
to go to school.
c0000365
[birds chirping]
c0000366
[melancholic music]
c0000367
♪ ♪
c0000368
[inhales and exhales sharply]
c0000369
[grunts]
c0000370
♪ ♪
c0000371
[grunts]
c0000372
[girls giggling]
- [grunts]
c0000373
- [gasps]
c0000374
- You're kidding me!
- It's true. I swear.
c0000375
And what do you think
she said after that?
c0000376
- What?
c0000377
- They're not laughing
about you, Kaede.
c0000378
There's nothing to worry about.
c0000379
- Are you sure?
c0000380
- If you think making people
laugh is that easy to do,
c0000381
you're sorely mistaken.
c0000382
- Th--the path of a comedian
is a steep one.
c0000383
- We tried plenty hard
for today.
c0000384
Let's go back
and eat some pudi--
c0000385
- [grunts]
c0000386
Kaede is determined to make
it all the way to school today.
c0000387
She's got this.
c0000388
- Take your time.
No need to be so impatient.
c0000389
- K--Kaede's not impatient!
c0000390
- Even Ms. Tomobe said you
can take it slow, didn't she?
c0000391
- [grunts]
c0000392
- What's wrong?
c0000393
- That's not good enough
for Kaede.
c0000394
- What do you mean?
c0000395
[gasps]
c0000396
Kaede, let's take a break
from practicing today, okay?
c0000397
- [breathing heavily]
- Kaede!
c0000398
- [panicked breathing]
c0000399
- Kaede!
- [gasping]
c0000400
- It's okay to take it slow!
c0000401
- But it's not, though!
You don't get it!
c0000402
Kaede doesn't have the time
to be taking it slow!
c0000403
- [gasps]
- [breathing erratically]
c0000404
- Hold on.
Does she know about that?
c0000405
[tense music]
c0000406
♪ ♪
c0000407
[girls laughing]
[both gasping]
c0000408
- What is up with that?
- I know. Hilarious.
c0000409
- [whimpering]
c0000410
Why? Why?
c0000411
- Kaede.
c0000412
- [crying]
c0000413
Why won't you let Kaede go?
c0000414
Kaede wants to go to school.
c0000415
Why won't her legs move like
they're supposed to?
c0000416
- Kaede.
c0000417
- Kaede will not go home!
c0000418
She won't go home!
c0000419
Until she can make it to school,
c0000420
she'll keep on trying!
c0000421
She'll keep practicing!
[crying]
c0000422
- All right.
c0000423
Then I'll make sure you getting
to school becomes a reality.
c0000424
- Huh? You really mean it?
- Yes, I do.
c0000425
But before we continue
with our practice,
c0000426
we're going to take
a little break.
c0000427
- We're taking a break?
c0000428
- We are. At the best place
I can think of.
c0000429
[indistinct chatter]
c0000430
- There's a lot of people here.
c0000431
- If this amount is enough
to scare you off,
c0000432
you'll never make it to school.
c0000433
- R--right.
I'll push through.
c0000434
B--big brother, where's this
best place you talked about?
c0000435
- Don't worry, 'kay?
Almost there.
c0000436
[beeps]
c0000437
- Big brother,
are we there yet?
c0000438
- Almost.
c0000439
- We're here.
Take a look.
c0000440
- [gasps]
c0000441
It's the zoo!
We came to the zoo, big brother!
c0000442
- Well I told you it
was the best place
c0000443
I could think of, didn't I?
c0000444
- Enjoy your time.
c0000445
- Smells like Nasuno
before getting a bath.
c0000446
- No mistaking the smell
of animals.
c0000447
- [gasps]
Pandas!
c0000448
Look, big brother!
The pandas!
c0000449
The pandas are right over there!
- [gasping]
c0000450
- Look at them!
c0000451
That one's walking around!
- It sure is.
c0000452
- And that panda over there
is eating!
c0000453
- It sure is.
c0000454
- Pandas are so big!
c0000455
- They are called giant pandas.
c0000456
- [gasps]
It's looking at us!
c0000457
Oh, never mind.
It went back to eating again.
c0000458
- Bamboo isn't very
nutrient-dense which means
c0000459
pandas need to spend
the majority of the day eating
c0000460
as much as they can just
to survive.
c0000461
At least that's what
I heard on TV.
c0000462
- Life is tough for pandas, too.
c0000463
- Everyone's doing their best
to live their lives, huh?
c0000464
[melancholic music]
c0000465
♪ ♪
c0000466
- Big brother,
it's a lesser panda!
c0000467
- It is lesser.
c0000468
- It's so small.
- Well, they are lesser.
c0000469
- That's so adorable!
c0000470
Kaede really loves pandas
after all.
c0000471
It feels a little sad
to say goodbye to them.
c0000472
- You can just
come back again later.
c0000473
- But Kaede is...
c0000474
- [grunts]
c0000475
Look. It's an annual pass.
c0000476
And it's all yours.
c0000477
- [gasps]
c0000478
- With this you could come back
and see the pandas every day
c0000479
if you wanted to.
c0000480
- That's amazing!
c0000481
You're the big brotherest
big brother there is!
c0000482
Is it okay for Kaede
to come back and visit again?
c0000483
- Of course.
What a silly question.
c0000484
I made a point to get
the annual pass
c0000485
so it'd be a waste of money not
to visit a bunch.
c0000486
- Kaede would like that.
c0000487
To come back a bunch
and get our money's worth.
c0000488
- [exhales]
c0000489
- [gasps]
c0000490
Hmm.
c0000491
Kaede was even able
to go shopping!
c0000492
- Want me to hold it?
c0000493
- Kaede purchased this pudding
c0000494
so Kaede will carry it herself.
c0000495
Huh? Big brother, our apartment
is that way, right?
c0000496
- There's a shortcut
if we go this way.
c0000497
- Kaede had no idea there
was a shortcut.
c0000498
- Well, you're still
an amateur when
c0000499
it comes to roads around here.
c0000500
- Does that make you
a seasoned veteran, big brother?
c0000501
- You could call me a pro.
c0000502
- Wow!
c0000503
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
c0000504
[gasps]
Big brother, this--
c0000505
m--my middle school!
c0000506
- It's late now so keep
the volume down.
c0000507
- There.
- You shouldn't do that,
c0000508
big brother!
- Come on.
c0000509
- But it's--
c0000510
- We're only gonna sneak
c0000511
a little peak real quick.
c0000512
- J--just a little, okay?
c0000513
[gasps]
- I guess this
c0000514
is your first trip
to your school.
c0000515
Oh, looks like this
is class 3-1.
c0000516
- Is this the room where Kaede
will be taking her classes?
c0000517
Big brother.
- Huh?
c0000518
- Next time Kaede would like
to come in the daytime.
c0000519
- Now that you've conquered
school at nighttime,
c0000520
that should be a breeze for you.
c0000521
- That means as of tonight every
single goal in the notebook
c0000522
can be circled.
- Ah.
c0000523
You've done that many already?
c0000524
- Panda, pudding,
and school were
c0000525
the last ones left to complete!
c0000526
- That means we have
to celebrate, huh?
c0000527
- Yes! Oh, but school probably
only gets a triangle so far.
c0000528
- I think you're okay
to circle it.
c0000529
- It has to be after coming
to school during the day.
c0000530
- I see.
c0000531
- But now it feels like
it's really within reach.
c0000532
Kaede's confident tomorrow
she'll be able to make it
c0000533
to school during the day.
- There's no doubt.
c0000534
- Tomorrow's gonna be great!
c0000535
I just can't wait for tomorrow!
c0000536
- Kaede, it's time
to get up.
c0000537
Are you still asleep?
c0000538
- [groaning]
c0000539
[grunts]
c0000540
Oh, morning, big brother.
c0000541
Huh? You are my big brother,
right?
c0000542
- Yeah.
c0000543
- Ah, my legs are sore.
c0000544
- You did run around a lot
at the zoo yesterday.
c0000545
- The zoo?
I didn't go, though.
c0000546
What's wrong with you,
big brother?
c0000547
- Kaede.
c0000548
Are you--
- Hold on.
c0000549
Was my room always
like this or...
c0000550
- Are you--
- Huh?
c0000551
- Really Kaede?
c0000552
- Yeah, no duh.
c0000553
Geez, big brother.
What are you talking about?
c0000554
- [shudders]
c0000555
- [singing in Japanese]
c0000556
["Fukashigi no Carte" plays]
c0000557
♪ ♪
c0000558
c0000559
- Oh, big brother.
You're such a rascal.